Hello! My name is Aaryan Karlapalem and I am currently a <FRESHMAN> in high school at Tomball Memorial High School. I have a deep passion for computers, engineering, and almost anything STEM related. I am currently a memeber of my schools, world-class FIRST Robotics team, team Vector 8177, and we have been to multiple stte championships, and vene made it to the FRC world championships for the last 2 years. 

Aside from doing robotics and other STEM related things, I am also a huge fan of math and competitive chess, as well as being a 1st degree black belt under the Phioenix Group of the International Taekwondo Federation. I have been doing taekwondo for over 7 years now and my passion for doing martial arts has only increased over time. And as for the royal game, I am a 1400 rated intermediate player for the United States Chess Federation(USCF). Over time, my interest and passion for these arts as been kept at an all-time high and I only wigh to take these skills and interets into college. However, my sole focus has always bee, is, and will continue to be robotics. Wether it be coding software and commands in VS Code or staring at CAD models for hours on end, I never seem to get bored of doing it, aand in turn, some of my most cherished life memories have come form the robotics field.

Currently, I am a loyal member of my school's FRC team, Vector 8177, or just Vector for short. On the team, I am a lead programmer, and design software to make a given robot go throughout a playing field to complete designated tasks in both teleOp and autonomous periods on an annual basis, adjusted for the current robot game, announced by FRC every year in January. I write code in Java to solve various tasks given to me by FRC, and I work tirelessly with my teammates everyday to code commands, autos, and subsystems, as well as playtest and revise our code to make it work for competition.

Aside from doing robotics and other STEM related things, I am also a huge fan of math and competitive chess, as well as being a 1st degree black belt under the Phioenix Group of the International Taekwondo Federation. I have been doing taekwondo for over 7 years now and my passion for doing martial arts has only increased over time. And as for the royal game, I am a 1400 rated intermediate player for the United States Chess Federation(USCF). Over time, my interest and passion for these arts as been kept at an all-time high and I only wigh to take these skills and interets into college. However, my sole focus has always bee, is, and will continue to be robotics. Wether it be coding software and commands in VS Code or staring at CAD models for hours on end, I never seem to get bored of doing it, aand in turn, some of my most cherished life memories have come form the robotics field.

In the area of chess, I have had a passion for the royal game since I was 7 years old. Since then, I have gone from a 200 rated beginner to now being a USCF 1400 rated intermediate player who plays at regular tournaments at my local Knights of Cypress Chess Club. I play chess as one of my most passionate hobbies alongside taekwondo and math and robotics, and I always like to play a quick game of bullet speedchess whenever possible, and I always compete at my district's annual Tomball Independent School District Chess Tournament held in April.

When it comes to taekwondo, I currently am a 1st degree black belt and train every week at Global Taekwondo under Master William Howard, an 8th degree balck belt, under the Phioenix Group of the International Taekowndo Federation. I first started taekwonodo when I was in the 4th grade, abd switched schools during the COVID-19 period to the school where I am now. I have been training at Global Taekwondo eveyrs since late 2021 and attained the rank of 1st degree black belt in March of 2023, and I have continued to train ever since, with my passion for the sport only increasing over time. During my journey in taekwondo, I have earned several awards at various tounraments, including the bi-annual Phioenix Group North American Championships, International Takwondo Federation Americas Cup, and many more. Wheter it be kicking and punching, sparring, or learning self-defense against attackers, taekwondo and martial arts in general has played a pivotal part in my life and I can confidently say that I would be nowhere near the person I would be today had it not been for my involvement in taekwondo for the last couple of years of my life.